_This is it, twelve years of study, again as many training with the monks on Mount
Selaya, and six miserable months aboard the *Emissary*. I'm ready. I have to be._

The world beneath me looked nothing like the burning pits of brimstone and
radioactive slag from the holonovels of my youth. I'd gone over the database a
thousand times, of course the planet was lush. Almost reminded me of the rainy plains
back home. It just didn't _feel_ right that a world ruled by demons should make
me homesick.

It was another one of life's cruel ironies, I supposed. For millenia, my people had
stared up at the darkness of night and wondered, "Are we alone?" We dreamt of
visitors from another world, of all shapes, sizes, and colors imaginable. Sometimes
they were friends, arriving with messages of universal peace and prosperity. Other
times, they were demons from the deepest pits of the underworld, killing and
slaughtering anyone they happened across simply because that was all they knew. But
more often than not, they were like us. Lost, alone, and just looking for someone to
talk, to share a meal, and maybe, someone to hold.

It hadn't taken long for us to find the answer. Within a decade of breaking the
light barrier, we found them. What was left of them. The Qrenim, the V'togh,
the Minesserei, the Aj, the Ritt, the U'Ur Tavfe, and dozens of other once mighty
races that had been burnt into my memory. Forty seven species reduced to a single
metal cylinder, orbiting a tomb, gloating over the corpses of billions.

It took our best linguists, mathematicians, and engineers a year to decode the first
message it transmitted. It was a 

"Witness and take heed. This world has been sterilized. It is forbidden."

The second message hadn't made any sense at the time. It wasn't until we found our
fifth beacon that the encoding had been reverse engineered and the pattern made
sense. It was a number. A staggeringly huge number. Five staggeringly huge numbers
across five dead worlds.

16,232,114,217

11,919,572,233

20,547,232,238

30,208,196,129 

13,339,205,107

Forty two more would follow.

The third message was unique for each buoy, and had to be deciphered separately from
the rest. The Qrenim's wasn't the most eloquent, maybe it lost something in translation,
but being the first we ever found it certainly set the tone for what was to come.

"The stars will pale against the Qrenim range. We reject the false gods and their
wicked lies, the silver tongue of devils hiding the dagger that will slit our
throats. We will not be denied our rightful place among the heavens. We shall fight
to the last and cast down the Spawn of the Archfield. We shall be free, or die."

Each buoy bore a similar message, the dying breaths of forty-seven languages spat out
and echoing for an eternity in the darkness. It always bothered me; why had these
executioners immortalized their own curses? Was it a token of respect, an
acknowledgement of the bravery and resolve these peoples had displayed in their dying
moments? Or was it something more sinister; A warning? A threat? What kind of message
did it send to memorialize the lines that signed the death warrants of untold
billions? *Look how many have raged against us and failed.*

The fourth message contained instructions to download an astropolitical archive, a
listing of all the known species and states of the galaxy, alive or extinct. To their
credit, these demons didn't mince words. Nearly one in three entries had been marked
as `extinct` or `

The fifth is the reason I was making my way to the *Emissary*'s airlock. It was
an invitation, to send a single representative to a planet some twenty light-years
away, and a warning not to venture beyond the local cluster lest we incur penalties.

The hiss of the airlock cycling broke me away from my somber thoughts. The door
shuddered open. A frail, feathered figure stood before me, exuding a delicate beauty
that reminded me of some of the dresses women back home used over a century ago. I
assumed she was female, based on the brightness of her plumage and the chirp of her
voice. She was Scesi, one of the slave races to the Demon Lords.

"My Lord humbly welcomes you to Tocreon, and wishes you a pleasant stay. My name is
Riah, I will be your guide."

"Your Lord is most gracious. My name is Sol. I am honored to be the first of my kind
to be granted an audience before the Great Lords."

"If you will please follow me, my Lord awaits your presence with great anticipation."

I followed Riah down the pathway towards the temple. I couldn't help but notice there
was no one else around. We knew the demons had thousands of subjugate species; 

Every world had been given the same message: send a representative and be judged. The
results were always the same: submit and be allowed to leave your homeworld; abandon
the stars and wither away; or resist and perish. It was depressing how many worlds
occupied the latter category.

Yet in all the millions of reports, barely a mention of the Demons themselves. No one
who laid eyes upon them had ever returned. Sacrificed to their insatiable bloodlust,
or torn apart molecule by molecule for judgement, or perhaps simply enslaved as
payment in part for their species' chance at freedom.

"After you," chirped Riah as the massive doors to the temple slid out of the way.

I stepped into the antechamber ahead. It 
